Update README.md (#529)
zio/izumi-reflect: README.md

3. Path-Dependent Types are based on variable names and may cause unexpected results when variables with different names have the same type or vice-versa (vs. Scala compiler)
4. This-Types such as `X.this.type` are ignored and identical to `X`
5. `izumi-reflect` is less powerful than `scala-reflect`: it does not preserve fields and methods when it's not necessary for equality and subtype checks, it does not preserve code trees, internal compiler data structures, etc.

> 6. There are some optimizations in place which reduce correctness, namely: subtype check for `scala.Matchable` will always return true, no distinction is made between `scala.Any` and `scala.AnyRef`,  no distinction is made between `scala.Nothing` and `scala.Null`. In other words, the library does not treat value types in a special way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. There are some optimizations in place which reduce correctness, namely: subtype check for `scala.Matchable` will always return true, no distinction is made between `scala.Any` and `scala.AnyRef`,  no distinction is made between `scala.Nothing` and `scala.Null`. In other words, the library does not recognize that `Null` is not a subtype of `AnyVal`s.
```
